AMBRETTE BRANCH: COMPLETE

SHALOUR BRANCH:
Maps:
	Route 8 Lower
	Connecting Cave Cyllage Side
	Cyllage City + Gym
	Route 10
	Geosenge Town
	Route 11
	Reflection Cave
	Shalour City + Gym
	Tower of Mastery

Stuff to come back to:
	Route 22 - area behind surf
	Mom banking call
	Shutterbug Cafe Long/Short Dialogue
	Coiffure Clips? what did i mean by this
	Walking animation for karen twin and black belt
	Should Trainer PR studio be the other way around?
	Route 8 Upper Strength Area
	Route 8 Lower Surf Area
	Boutique Couture + Style Mechanic
	Add Rocks to Break with Rhyhorn?
	route 8 sky trainer?
	does guy go back to Shabboneau castle?
	Hotel NPCs
	Spawn points for rest of Kalos
	Glittering Cave Unique Tileset?
	Fix Bugs+Glitches and Design Flaws
	remove excess scenes
	ROCKY HELMET EFFECT
	Qwilfish Swarm Aquacorde
	Aerodactylite
	Fix TMs!!!!
	glittering cave unique rock smash items
	replace mud-slap tm?
	Animate Aquarium Tiles
	Battle Chateau
	Restaurant Le Nah reward doesn't work as intended
	heal ball?
	
Non-urgent:
	Redo intro
	Rename PC to Cassius' PC after meeting him
	Surf pokemon Data
	Headbutt trees
	Modern berry system?
	Sprites
	Music
	Fix/remove footprints?
	Pokedex Entries
	Remove unnecessary data
	Sky battles????
	Reorganise items sensibly
	Fly Callbacks
	Redo Parfum Palace Interior
	Different Genders for different Rivals - Variable Sprite?
	reduce size of gen I starter selection box

Known Bugs:
	Too many walking sprites in Camphrier Group
	Daycare pokemon sprites broken
	Shauna's starter isn't shiny
	Trainer's pokemon's health is overflowing?
	
	Wrong sprites: pyroar back
	shiny palettes: braixen?
	
	Haven't seen in a while:
	Broken hitbox for NPCs with WALK_UP_DOWN and WALK_LEFT_RIGHT spritemovedata, only sometimes
	Broken pokemon sprites occasionally (displaying tiles 01 and 02 in random spots)?
	Occasional PC glitch - perhaps was related to fixed egg party icon
	talking to restaurant le nah chef can crash the game
	
Inconsequential Stuff:
	Add accents: À bientôt!, Rivière Walk
	Tipping mechanic
	Route 7 East - talking to black belt makes Snorlax disappear briefly
	
Long-term goals (pipe dreams):
	Aegislash stance change?
	evolution methods - pancham inkay etc
	Alternate forms: Furfrou, Flabebe line, Meowstic
	Unique tilesets
	Double battles
	horde encounters??? (almost definitely won't happen)
	Mega Evolution
	Expand to 16 bit?

STUFF DONE:
	Expand tilesets from 192 to 255 tiles
	Generation 6 Experience System (also reworks Exp. Share)
	Infinitely reusable TMs
    Color party menu icons by species
    Improve the outdoor sprite system
    Allow more than 15 object_events per map
    Disable jumping over ledges onto obstacle tiles or NPCs
	Smashing rocks has a chance to contain items
    Reviving Pokémon from Fossils (Gen I)
	(ONLY UP TO STEP 3) Allow more trainer parties, with individual DVs, stat experience, nicknames, variable teams, etc.


Tutorials to Follow:
    Running Shoes
    Correct grammar for plural trainers like Twins
    Automatically reuse Repel
    Make wild encounters vary
    Evolve while holding an item
    Physical/Special split
    Restore/Remove the redundant move grammar table
    Harvest multiple items from fruit trees
    Modify existing gender formula
    Remove the gym badges boosts
    Allow fishing while surfing
    Adding a "Tradeback" NPC
    Show move names for TMs and HMs when receiving or buying
    Replace stat experience with EVs
    Don't gain experience at level 100
    Erratic and Fluctuating experience growth rates
    Gain experience from catching Pokémon
    Lose money proportional to badges and level
    Add Hail as a new weather condition
    Automatic battle weather on certain maps
    Use unique colors for each thrown Poké Ball
    Move Reminder
    Print text when you lose a trainer battle
    Prevent Steel types from being poisoned by Twineedle
    Make new battle text to distinguish status move misses and fails
	Make Sandstorm raise the Special Defense of Rock type Pokémon by 50%
    Puddles that splash when you walk
    Inverse Battles
    Grant Grass-type Pokémon immunity to Powder/Spore-based moves

Stuff to do if i feel like it:
    Improve the event initialization system
    Improve the trainer rematch system
    Remove the artificial save delay
    Improving the Swarm System
    Create Battle Palettes for Different Times of Day and Environments
    Remove Pokémon sprite animations
    Remove the 25% failure chance for AI status moves
    Reduce the command queue system to just stone tables
    Expand the Town Map tileset (Alternate)
    Battle Autoprompts
    Display more information on the move screen
    Add more music that changes at night

Other tutorials (may or may not do):
    Allow map tiles to appear above sprites (so NPCs can walk behind tiles) with PRIORITY colors
    Allow tiles to have different attributes in different blocks (including X and Y flip)
    Increase Pokémon sprite animation size
    Color Pokémon pictures shown in the overworld
    Colored trainer card badges
    Show the tops of leaders' heads on the trainer card
    Make evening the fourth time of day
    Option to show shiny colors in Pokédex

    Show an icon for the current weather
    Show an icon for the current Time of Day
    Add spinner tiles from Generation I Rocket Hideout
    Allow tall grass in forests
    Trashcan puzzle in Vermilion Gym
    Splash a Pokédex Entry from an Overworld Event (Generation I)

    Customizable Pokédex Color
    Wall-to-wall carpeting in your room
    Replace Menu Account with a small clock in the corner of the screen
    Fight a copy of your own party in the Trainer House
